all right we're replacing the timing set
in my Jeep first step get that bolt out
okay
got socket on it and it's going to want
to turn so I Jam a screwdriver through
there
we're glad out maybe there we go
and we'll get that center bolt oh okay
luckily they are pretty loose on there
so I'm just gonna lift that out
there's the cam gear and we should just
be able to slide the crankier off and
see screwdriver we can pry it a little
bit let's see any two hands there I got
that crane gear off so now
close up the box the new parts thank you
thank you can hear and chain I'm going
to need two hands put it in but
basically see there's dot there and a
dot on the cam gear and you just line
those up so the crank gear the dot is at
12 o'clock and the cam gear dot is at 6
o'clock so they line up like that that's
all there is to it
okay new timing set is on you can see
that dot lines up with that dot and the
chain is tight now pretty tight in any
way you want a little bit of play in it
but it's about right so I just got
tighten up the bolt and should we done